End-User License Agreement
Techila SDK 2017-06-17

This End-User License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the
"Agreement"). is a legal agreement by and between (i) You (either an
individual or a single entity) and (ii) Techila Technologies (Business
ID/VAT Number FI2009537-7), a Finnish company incorporated and
existing under the laws of Finland having its principal place of
business at Itsen√§isyydenkatu 2, FI33100 Tampere, Finland (hereinafter
referred to as "Techila") for Techila SDK Software, which includes
computer software and may include associated media, printed materials
and/or "online" or electronic documentation (hereinafter together
referred to as the "Techila SDK"). Techila and You are being
hereinafter referred also collectively as the "Parties" and
individually as the "Party" as the context may require.

By installing, copying, and/or otherwise using all or any portion of
the Techila SDK You accept all terms and conditions of this Agreement.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE

The Techila SDK is protected by intellectual property laws and
treaties. The Techila SDK is licensed, not sold, to You by Techila. As
long as You comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Techila grants You a personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable
license to install and use the Techila SDK solely for Your own
internal use. You shall have the right to make necessary amount of
copies of the Techila SDK. The copies have to contain all the same
legends and copyright notices as the original Techila SDK. The copies
of the Techila SDK will be also under the same conditions and
restrictions as the original Techila SDK.

The Techila SDK may in addition to other software, content,
documentation and/or materials also include (i) Sample Code and (ii)
Library Code. The "Sample Code" shall mean the application source and
object code files contained within the Techila SDK "examples"
directory. The "Library Code" shall mean the application source and
object code files contained within the Techila SDK's "lib" directory,
excluding 3rd party libraries. The 3rd party libraries are listed in
"README.txt" file in Techila SDK file folder.

The following additional terms and conditions shall apply to the
Sample Code and Library Code, which are fixed part of Techila SDK and
included in the Techila SDK and definition of the "Techila SDK":

You shall have the right to modify and create derivative works from
the Sample Code. You shall own any derivative works created by You
using the Sample Code, provided, however, that You shall use the
Techila SDK in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. You may give rights to third parties for Your own
derivative works, but You may not give any rights to the Techila SDK
(including, but not limited to, the Sample Code) and provided,
however, that all copyright notices and trademarks and other legends
of Techila are used properly and Your own derivative work includes the
following statement: "This software contains source code provided by
Techila Technologies Ltd and for which Techila owns any and all
intellectual property rights and which is subject for license terms
and conditions provided by Techila. All rights are restricted."

You shall have the right to link Library Code in Your own derivative
works provided, however, that You shall use the Techila SDK in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. You shall
have the right to distribute and give rights to your own derivative
works linking the Library Code, not including the Library Code, but
You may not give any right to the Techila SDK (including, but not
limited to, the Library Code).

Restrictions. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, You
shall have no right (i) use the Techila SDK in any manner to provide
service bureau, time sharing or other comparable computer services or
hosting services to any third party, (ii) assign, sublicense,
distribute, rent, lease, loan, lend and/or otherwise transfer the
license, or any part thereof, to the Techila SDK (including, but not
limited to, the Sample Code and Library Code) to any third party,
(iii) make changes and/or other amendments to the Techila SDK, and/or
(iv) reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile expressly permitted by
the applicable mandatory rules of applicable law.

2. SUPPORT SERVICES

Techila may, at its own discretion, provide You with support services
related to the Techila SDK ("Support Services"). Any supplemental
software code, such as, but not limited to, new revisions, new
versions, updates, corrections patches and other amendments, additions
and changes, provided to You as part of Support Services shall be
considered part of the Techila SDK and subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, unless otherwise decided by Techila at
its own discretion. The Support Services may be obtained only under a
separate support agreement, unless otherwise decided by Techila as its
sole discretion.

3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

All copyrights, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights,
interest and title in and to the Techila SDK and related
documentation, including, but not limited to, possible new revisions,
new versions, updates, correction patches and other amendments,
additions, and/or changes shall at all times belong exclusively to
Techila and/or its licensors.

Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, this Agreement does not
grant You any intellectual property rights in the Techila SDK and all
rights not expressly granted in this Agreement are reserved by
Techila.

4. TERM AND TERMINATION

The Agreement is effective until terminated. The license granted by
this Agreement will terminate automatically without or with notice
(whichever occurs first) with immediate effect, if You fail to comply
with any term and condition of this Agreement.

Upon termination of the license granted by this Agreement or use of
the Techila SDK (whichever occurs first), You shall cease all use of
the Techila SDK and destroy all copies, full or partial of the Techila
SDK.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TECHILA AND/OR ANY
OF ITS SUPPLIERS/LISENSORS PROVIDE THE TECHILA SDK ON "AS IS" BASIS
AND WITH ALL FAULTS AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, ANY (IF ANY) IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF
MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY OR
COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, OF RESULTS, OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, OF LACK
OF VIRUSES, AND OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE, ALL WITH REGARD TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND/OR THE TECHILA SDK, AND THE PROVISION OF AND/OR FAILURE
TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES.

6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
TECHILA AND/OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS/LISENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXPENSES
WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS AND LOST OF
SAVINGS, OR FOR THE LOSS OF, DAMAGE TO, OR ALTERATION OF DATA OR DATA
FILES DUE TO ANY CAUSE AND THE RESULTING DAMAGES AND EXPENSES
INCURRED, SUCH AS EXPENSES BASED ON THE RE-CREATION OF DATA FILES)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE TECHILA SDK OR THE
PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES OR OTHERWISE
ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF TECHILA AND/OR ANY OF ITS
SUPPLIERS/LISENSORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

THE ENTIRE LIABILITY OF TECHILA AND/OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS/LICENSORS
UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL
BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO TECHILA FOR
THE TECHILA SDK. THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS, AND DISCLAIMERS STATED
IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE.

All claims based on this Agreement shall be presented to Techila in
writing not later than three (3) months after You became aware of the
grounds for its claim. You shall initiate court proceedings not later
than six (6) months from the date of presenting the above-mentioned
claim.

7. MISCELLANEOUS

Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between Techila and You respect to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes all prior proposals and agreements, both written and oral,
and all other written and oral understandings, representations and
communications between the Parties. HOWEVER, YOU MAY HAVE ANOTHER
WRITTEN AGREEMENT DIRECTLY WITH TECHILA THAT SUPPLEMENTS OR SUPERSEDES
ALL OR PORTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

Assignment. You may not assign or transfer the rights or obligations
created through this Agreement without the prior written consent of
Techila.

Third Party Beneficiaries. None of the provisions of this Agreement is
intended by the Parties, nor shall they be deemed, to confer any
benefit on any person not a contracting Party to this Agreement.

Third Party Software, databases and data. If the Techila SDK contains
third party software, databases and/or data, Your use of any such
third party software, databases and/or data will also be governed by
any additional terms and conditions.

Severability. Each paragraph and provision of this Agreement is
severable, and if one or more paragraphs or provisions are declared
invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect.

Waiver. Any failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right
or remedy will not constitute a waiver. No waiver of any term or
condition of this Agreement or of any right or remedy arising in
connection therewith shall constitute a continuing waiver.

Modifications. No modification of this Agreement will be valid unless
in writing and signed by a duly authorised representative(s) of both
Parties.

Export Control. You may not use or provide the Techila SDK and/or
related technical information to any person, firm, company or
governmental entity when You know, or have reason to believe, that the
supply might indirectly or directly lead to a contravention of the
laws of regulations of Finland, the United States of America or the
country of origin of the product applicable to the export, supply or
use of goods or technology.

Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL MATTERS
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED
EXCLUSIVELY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF FINLAND WITHOUT REGARD TO
ITS CHOICE OF LAW PROVISIONS. THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION ON
CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS DONE AT VIENNA APRIL 11,
1980 IS EXCLUDED. TECHILA MAY, BEFORE OR DURING ANY LEGAL PROCEEDINGS,
APPLY TO A COURT HAVING JURISDICTION FOR A TEMPORARY RESTRAINING ORDER
OR PRELIMINARY INJUNCTION WHERE SUCH RELIEF IS NECESSARY TO PROTECT
ITS INTERESTS PENDING COMPLETION OF THE LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. ALL
DISPUTES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH OR OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
SETTLED IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF HELSINKI, FINLAND ("HELSINGIN
K√ÑR√ÑJ√ÑOIKEUS"). HOWEVER, WITH RESPECT TO A VIOLATION BY YOU OF THE
PROVISIONS OF SECTIONS 1, 3 AND/OR PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT, TECHILA WILL HAVE THE RIGHT, AT ITS OWN DISCRETION, TO
SEEK REMEDIES IN COURTS WITHIN ANY APPLICABLE TERRITORY. SOME
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS, SO THE
ABOVE-MENTIONED ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS MAY NOT IN THAT CASE APPLY TO
YOU.
